README.md, before:

# Evaluation framework used for the PPS+ pipeline (author: Ivan)

## Method
The evaluation measures are described in sections 4.9 and 4.10 (http://arxiv.org/pdf/1406.7123v1.pdf).

## Usage

All scripts require python 2.7 (including biopython). The evaluation framework is distributed as a python package (algbioi).
Individual evaluation scripts are contained in package (algbioi.eval), helper functionality in (algbioi.com). To run
the scripts, you need to set the PYTHONPATH variable pointing to the folder that contains the main (algbioi) package.
You can run any of the following script with -h to get all available options.

### Precision and Recall including correction

Standard use:
```
python accuracy.py -f FASTA_CONTIG_FILE -p TAXONOMIC_ASSIGNMENTS -t TRUE_TAXONOMIC_LABELS \
-d NCBI_TAXONOMY_IN_SQLITE3_FORMAT -c 0.01 -b 0.01 -o
```

Using the correction option:
```
python accuracy.py -f FASTA_CONTIG_FILE -p TAXONOMIC_ASSIGNMENTS -t TRUE_TAXONOMIC_LABELS \
-d NCBI_TAXONOMY_IN_SQLITE3_FORMAT -c 0.01 -b 0.01 -o -m 0.9
```


### Scaffold-contig consistency
```
python consistency.py -f FASTA_CONTIG_FILE -p TAXONOMIC_ASSIGNMENTS -m SCAFFOLD_CONTIG_MAPPING \
-d NCBI_TAXONOMY_IN_SQLITE3_FORMAT -a
```

### Confusion matrices
```
python confusion_matrix.py -f FASTA_CONTIG_FILE -p TAXONOMIC_ASSIGNMENTS -t TRUE_TAXONOMIC_LABELS \
-d NCBI_TAXONOMY_IN_SQLITE3_FORMAT -o ./prefix_ 
```

Commit message:

Evaluation scripts modified in the sense of https://github.com/bioboxes/rfc/blob/master/container/binning-evaluation.mkd (version 0.8.0) Note that this is an initial version for testing only!

README.md, after:

# Evaluation framework used for the PPS+ pipeline (author: Ivan)

## Method
The evaluation measures are described in sections 4.9 and 4.10 (http://arxiv.org/pdf/1406.7123v1.pdf).

## Usage
The master script that performs the default task in the sense of 
https://github.com/bioboxes/rfc/blob/master/container/binning-evaluation.mkd
(version 0.8.0) is: algbioi.eval.default_task_eval_ivan.py

## Warning: this is an initial version for testing!!!

Note that all scripts require python 2.7 (including biopython, sqlite3). The evaluation framework is distributed as a python package (algbioi).
Individual evaluation scripts are contained in package (algbioi.eval), helper functionality in (algbioi.com). To run
the scripts, you need to set the PYTHONPATH variable pointing to the folder that contains the main (algbioi) package.

You can also run any of the following script with -h to get all available options.

### Precision and Recall including correction

Standard use:
```
python accuracy.py -f FASTA_CONTIG_FILE -p TAXONOMIC_ASSIGNMENTS -t TRUE_TAXONOMIC_LABELS \
-d NCBI_TAXONOMY_IN_SQLITE3_FORMAT -c 0.01 -b 0.01 -o
```

Using the correction option:
```
python accuracy.py -f FASTA_CONTIG_FILE -p TAXONOMIC_ASSIGNMENTS -t TRUE_TAXONOMIC_LABELS \
-d NCBI_TAXONOMY_IN_SQLITE3_FORMAT -c 0.01 -b 0.01 -o -m 0.9
```


### Scaffold-contig consistency
```
python consistency.py -f FASTA_CONTIG_FILE -p TAXONOMIC_ASSIGNMENTS -m SCAFFOLD_CONTIG_MAPPING \
-d NCBI_TAXONOMY_IN_SQLITE3_FORMAT -a
```

### Confusion matrices
```
python confusion_matrix.py -f FASTA_CONTIG_FILE -p TAXONOMIC_ASSIGNMENTS -t TRUE_TAXONOMIC_LABELS \
-d NCBI_TAXONOMY_IN_SQLITE3_FORMAT -o ./prefix_ 
```
